<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
  PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><!--This file was converted to xhtml by OpenOffice.org - see http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml for more info.--><head profile="http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/"><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/><title xml:lang="en-US">Final Project Document</title><meta name="DCTERMS.title" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.language" content="en-US" scheme="DCTERMS.RFC4646"/><meta name="DCTERMS.source" content="http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml"/><meta name="DCTERMS.issued" content="2019-07-23T12:11:00.33" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.modified" content="2019-07-23T21:29:39.30" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.provenance" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.subject" content="," xml:lang="en-US"/><link rel="schema.DC" href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTERMS" href="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTYPE" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCAM" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcam/" hreflang="en"/><style type="text/css">
	@page {  }
	table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show }
	td, th { vertical-align:top; font-size:12pt;}
	h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both }
	ol, ul { margin:0; padding:0;}
	li { list-style: none; margin:0; padding:0;}
	<!-- "li span.odfLiEnd" - IE 7 issue-->
	li span. { clear: both; line-height:0; width:0; height:0; margin:0; padding:0; }
	span.footnodeNumber { padding-right:1em; }
	span.annotation_style_by_filter { font-size:95%; font-family:Arial; background-color:#fff000;  margin:0; border:0; padding:0;  }
	* { margin:0;}
	.P1 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; }
	.P11 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; text-align:left ! important; }
	.P12 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; text-align:left ! important; }
	.P13 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; text-align:left ! important; }
	.P14 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; }
	.P15 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; }
	.P16 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; }
	.P17 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; }
	.P18 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; }
	.P19 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; }
	.P2 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; text-align:right ! important; }
	.P20 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; }
	.P21 { font-size:10pt; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; text-align:left ! important; }
	.P22 { font-size:10pt; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; text-align:left ! important; }
	.P23 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; }
	.P25 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; margin-top:0in; margin-bottom:0in; }
	.P26 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; margin-top:0in; margin-bottom:0in; }
	.P27 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; margin-top:0in; margin-bottom:0in; }
	.P28 { font-size:14pt; font-style:italic; font-weight:bold; margin-bottom:0.0835in; margin-top:0.1665in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; }
	.P29 { font-size:14pt; font-weight:bold; margin-bottom:0.0835in; margin-top:0.1665in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; }
	.P3 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; text-align:left ! important; }
	.P30 { font-size:12pt; font-weight:bold; margin-bottom:0.0835in; margin-top:0.1665in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; }
	.P31 { font-size:12pt; margin-bottom:0.0835in; margin-top:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; }
	.P32 { font-size:12pt; margin-bottom:0.0835in; margin-top:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; }
	.P4 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; }
	.P5 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; text-align:left ! important; }
	.P6 { font-size:12pt; margin-bottom:0in; margin-top:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; }
	.P7 { font-size:12pt; margin-bottom:0.0835in; margin-top:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; }
	.P8 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; text-align:left ! important; }
	.P9 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; text-align:left ! important; }
	.Bullet_20_Symbols { font-family:OpenSymbol; }
	.Internet_20_link { color:#000080; text-decoration:underline; }
	.T1 { font-size:12pt; }
	.T2 { font-size:12pt; }
	.T3 { font-size:12pt; font-weight:bold; }
	.T4 { font-size:12pt; font-weight:normal; }
	<!-- ODF styles with no properties representable as CSS -->
	{ }
	</style></head><body dir="ltr" style="max-width:8.5in;margin-top:0.7874in; margin-bottom:0.7874in; margin-left:0.7874in; margin-right:0.7874in; "><p class="P2"> </p><h2 class="P28"><a id="a__Project_Cerberus_-_Summary"><span/></a>Project Cerberus - Summary</h2><p class="P6"><a href="https://mricha41.github.io/" class="Internet_20_link">Project Cerberus</a> is a prototype of a wireless doorbell system, aiming to be highly usable and make improvements on personal interactions through data-driven features. The purpose of project Cerberus was to discover ways wireless doorbell systems can maximize the quality of personal interactions through design. The main goal of the project was to perform research and design a prototype demonstrating how better, data-driven design can benefit consumers of wireless doorbell systems by meeting their expectations and anticipating their future needs.</p><h2 class="P28"><a id="a__Process_Description_and_Design_Details"><span/></a>Process Description and Design Details</h2><h3 class="P29"><a id="a__Research"><span/></a>Research</h3><p class="P6">Research began by asking the main design question:</p><ul><li><p class="P26" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>How can wireless doorbell systems be designed to leverage consumer interactions and information in the environment to provide more value to consumers?<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li></ul><p class="P25"> </p><p class="P25">This question was important in that it needed to be answered to not only make a wireless doorbell system, but to make improvements to the design and ensure that it would actually be a marketable product. In a market that is already flooded with models from inexpensive to moderately expensive, it needed to stand out in some way while providing the standard features that consumers expect.</p><p class="P25"> </p><p class="P25">Furthermore, research was performed to answer these specific questions:</p><ul><li><p class="P27" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>Who is visiting consumers at the door?<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P8" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>Why are they making a visit?<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P8" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>When do these visits occur?<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P8" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>What information is available in the consumer environment relevant to these<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P8" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>interactions?<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P8" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>How do consumers use their wireless doorbell systems?<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P8" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>What kind of features do consumers expect their wireless doorbell systems to have?<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P8" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>How can wireless doorbell systems be designed to anticipate the future needs of<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P14" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>consumers?<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li></ul><p class="P15"> </p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">In the first phase, </span><a href="https://mricha41.github.io/preliminary_research.xhtml" class="Internet_20_link"><span class="T1">short structured interviews</span></a><span class="T1"> were performed with wireless doorbell system users asking them:</span></p><ul><li><p class="P9" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>How often are you at home?<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P9" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>What is your daily routine?<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P9" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>What features of your wireless doorbell system do you use?<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li></ul><p class="P3"> </p><p class="P3">Importantly, this research yielded three distinct classes of consumers:</p><ul><li><p class="P21" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span><span class="T3">Sophisticated Shut-in –</span><span class="T4"> home all the time, technologically adept, and use a wide </span><span class="T4">feature set.</span><span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P21" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span><span class="T3">Practical Busybody –</span><span class="T4"> home all the time, focused on their work/life, and use a more restricted feature set.</span><span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P21" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span><span class="T3">Sophisticated Socialite –</span><span class="T4"> home less often, technologically adept, and use a wide </span><span class="T4">feature set.</span><span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li></ul><p class="P3"> </p><p class="P3">When asked to perform tasks including viewing the live video feed, responding to an alert, and using the two-way audio feature, all participants were able to perform the tasks quickly and without issues. This part was important in that it confirmed that the general design of wireless doorbell systems was solid, so the design of Cerberus could move forward based on the existing ecosystem of products.</p><p class="P3"> </p><p class="P5"><span class="T1">In addition, </span><a href="https://mricha41.github.io/surveys/Cerberus%20R&amp;D%20Survey%20Instrument.pdf" class="Internet_20_link"><span class="T1">survey data was collected</span></a><span class="T1"> from participants using </span><a href="https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/JXQHNZF" class="Internet_20_link"><span class="T1">SurveyMonkey</span></a><span class="T1">. The results were tabulated and analyzed, which revealed some evidence for including pet detection and doorbell silencing as features for Cerberus. Since many users have pets and children, these types of features would help them minimize disturbances in the home. It was also decided, based on the fact that all respondents receive packages and mail, that Cerberus would include features to notify users when packages and mail arrive at their home.</span></p><h3 class="P30"><a id="a__Design"><span/></a>Design</h3><p class="P7"><span class="T1">The design phases began with </span><a href="https://mricha41.github.io/sketching.xhtml" class="Internet_20_link"><span class="T1">sketching</span></a><span class="T1">, iterating on the overall design of Cerberus. Preliminary sketches included an overall, minimal version of the application. The main application would feature all of the standards (video feed, alerts, etc.) along with doorbell silencing. Other ideas were sketched for add-on features, including pet detection, mail alerts, and package delivery alerts. These were considered add-on features due to the fact that they required additional hardware and software at some cost, which may not appeal to those who were looking for a cost-effective solution. Weather alerts were also considered as part of the design, however the details were not fully considered.</span></p><p class="P31">Once the first sketch iteration was complete, it was revised and improved. In an effort to make the product stand out, the main application screen would provide an overview of the weather based on some well-known heuristics (color of the morning sky, color of the clouds, etc.) for predicting the days weather. The layout of the main screen would be simplified to include a “hamburger” icon to hide the main menu while settings would be mapped to a “gear” icon. Each feature (video, pet detection, mail alerts, and package alerts) had its own settings screens and status screens with up-to-date information available to the user based on the components they had installed.</p><h3 class="P30"><a id="a__Prototyping_and_Evaluations"><span/></a>Prototyping and Evaluations</h3><p class="P7"><span class="T1">Once sketch revision was complete, a </span><a href="https://mricha41.github.io/paper_prototype/paper_prototype.pdf" class="Internet_20_link"><span class="T1">paper prototype</span></a><span class="T1"> was created based on them. Interactions were formulated and tested with three participants:</span></p><ul><li><p class="P16" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>View the video feed<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P11" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>Use speak button<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P11" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>Use record button<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P11" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>Turn off door chime<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P11" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>View the pet status<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P11" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>View the mail status<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P11" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>View the package status<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P11" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>Navigate to the network settings and find a network<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P11" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>Navigate to the network settings and set up a network<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P11" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>Navigate to the pet settings and turn on pet detection<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P11" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>Navigate to the pet settings and enter pet information<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p><ul><li><p class="P11" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">◦</span>they could not actually enter anything<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li></ul></li><li><p class="P11" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>Navigate to the package settings and edit the package schedule<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p><ul><li><p class="P11" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">◦</span>they could not actually edit anything<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li></ul></li><li><p class="P11" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>Navigate to the package settings and connect a package delivery account<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p><ul><li><p class="P17" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">◦</span>they could not actually connect anything<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li></ul></li></ul><p class="P15"> </p><p class="P31">Based on feedback received from participants, the process was laborious and slow, which may have had some impact on their ability to recall the actions they took and how to reason about their interactions. In general, they thought the prototype made sense, but would be better evaluated digitally.</p><p class="P7"><span class="T1">The digital prototype followed, which was created on an Apache server and ultimately launched on </span><a href="https://mricha41.github.io/prototype/digital_prototype.html" class="Internet_20_link"><span class="T1">github.io</span></a><span class="T1"> and designed with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, using these frameworks:</span></p><ul><li><p class="P32" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span><a href="https://getbootstrap.com/" class="Internet_20_link"><span class="T1">Bootstrap 4</span></a><span class="T1"> for general layout and theme</span><span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P22" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span><a href="https://code.jquery.com/" class="Internet_20_link"><span class="T2">JQuery</span></a><span class="T2"> as a Bootstrap 4 dependency </span><span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P22" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span><a href="https://code.jquery.com/ui/" class="Internet_20_link"><span class="T2">JQuery UI</span></a><span class="T2"> for somewhat advanced UI elements</span><span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P23" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span><a href="https://feathericons.com/" class="Internet_20_link"><span class="T1">Feather Icons</span></a><span class="T1"> for more universal iconography</span><span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li></ul><p class="P15"> </p><p class="P15">Using the same approach, three participants were again asked to perform some interactions with the prototype:</p><ul><li><p class="P18" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>View the video feed<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P12" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>Use speak button<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P12" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>Use record button<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P12" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>Turn off door chime<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P12" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>View the pet status<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P12" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>View the mail status<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P12" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>View the package status<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P12" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>Navigate to the network settings and find a network<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P12" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>Navigate to the network settings and set up a network<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P12" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>Navigate to the pet settings and turn on pet detection<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P12" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>Navigate to the pet settings and enter pet information<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p><ul><li><p class="P12" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">◦</span>emulated with save and notification<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li></ul></li><li><p class="P12" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>Navigate to the package settings and edit the package schedule<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p><ul><li><p class="P12" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">◦</span>emulated with save and notification<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li></ul></li><li><p class="P12" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>Navigate to the package settings and connect a package delivery account<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p><ul><li><p class="P12" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">◦</span>they could not actually connect anything<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P18" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">◦</span>emulated with save and notification<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li></ul></li></ul><p class="P31"> </p><p class="P7"><span class="T1">This part of the prototyping and evaluation phases was quite productive. Participants gave some solid feedback, most likely due to the overall better usability of the digital prototype compared to the paper prototype. All participants suggested removing the network and package settings. The package settings did not make much sense to the participants, and the network settings could be reduced to only manual entry rather than including automatic network settings. For package and mail features, an alert was the only feedback these users </span><span class="T1">expected. The pet information settings were not considered useful to participants, but many of </span><span class="T1">them did not have more than one pet. They also mentioned that there was no visual cue that pet detection had been turned on.</span></p><p class="P31"> </p><p class="P7"><span class="T1">The implementation would make many of these suggestions a reality. Again, the implementation was created on an Apache server, then posted to the </span><a href="https://mricha41.github.io/implementation/implementation.html" class="Internet_20_link"><span class="T1">project website</span></a><span class="T1"> using the same technology. The three participants were asked to make the following interactions with the implementation:</span></p><ul><li><p class="P19" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>View the video feed<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P13" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>View the pet status<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P13" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>View the mail status<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P13" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>View the package status<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P13" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>Set up a network<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p><ul><li><p class="P13" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">◦</span>emulated with save and notification<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li></ul></li><li><p class="P13" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>Turn on pet detection<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P13" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>Turn off pet detection<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li><li><p class="P13" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">•</span>Enter pet information<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p><ul><li><p class="P20" style="margin-left:0cm;"><span class="Bullet_20_Symbols" style="display:block;float:left;min-width:0cm">◦</span>emulated with save and notification<span class="odfLiEnd"/> </p></li></ul></li></ul><p class="P15"> </p><p class="P15">Here, participants concluded that it was sufficiently simple to use and straight forward. While they were all disappointed that it was not live and fully functional (wired up to an actual doorbell system), there was not time to accomplish all of those tasks.</p><h2 class="P28"><a id="a__Context__Background__and_Rationale_for_Design"><span/></a>Context, Background, and Rationale for Design</h2><p class="P6">The context for the design is simply wireless doorbell systems in a residential environment. I was interested in the project for the purposes of developing both an embedded software product using micro controllers (Atmel AVR chips and components) and a phone application to drive it. </p><p class="P6"> </p><p class="P6">My design was based on data collected from participants and a bit of competitive analysis. This enabled me to identify best practices and discover some insight into consumer expectations as well as what they want in a wireless doorbell system. Upon completing the project, I feel as though I answered questions related to consumer wants incompletely due to the nature of the problem, while best practices and expectations were pretty standard across devices according to the research I performed. To that end, my design question was answered in that I was able to identify ways to leverage information in the consumer environment and make a prototype of a wireless doorbell system that improves interactions with that environment.</p><h2 class="P28"><a id="a__Analysis_of_Results"><span/></a>Analysis of Results</h2><p class="P6">In terms of what went well, the overall design and evaluation phases were enjoyable and productive. While the paper prototype may have been the least useful for this project, it is likely due to the fact that it was my first paper prototype. Experience with them might yield better results when sharing them while testing and promoting my designs. Challenges associated with the complexity of the project along with learning new technologies and skills in a compressed time frame precluded development of a fully functional implementation of the idea. Of course, this lead to a limited amount of value in the research performed, as participants could not interact with an actual doorbell system with the outlined features.</p><p class="P6"> </p><p class="P6">In terms of what I would do differently, I would have taken more time to perform research. With low research participation, it is not justifiable to move forward on a project that has not proven itself viable with any degree of reliability. More iterations on the design of prototypes could have been helpful too, including full hardware prototypes that could be tested and researched more fully with the public.</p><h2 class="P28"><a id="a__Future_Directions"><span/></a>Future Directions</h2><p class="P7">Because this project has some utility for me personally, I plan to design and build something similar in the future for my own home. I will devote time to learning how to program and prototype with AVR micro controllers as well as how to interface sensors and other components with them to build useful devices. I also believe this process yielded good results, and I plan to adhere to it closely in the future.</p><p class="P1"> </p></body></html>