<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
  PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><!--This file was converted to xhtml by OpenOffice.org - see http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml for more info.--><head profile="http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/"><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/><title xml:lang="en-US">Personal Reflections</title><meta name="DCTERMS.title" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.language" content="en-US" scheme="DCTERMS.RFC4646"/><meta name="DCTERMS.source" content="http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml"/><meta name="DCTERMS.issued" content="2019-07-23T14:54:08.39" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.modified" content="2019-07-23T21:30:16.83" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.provenance" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.subject" content="," xml:lang="en-US"/><link rel="schema.DC" href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTERMS" href="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTYPE" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCAM" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcam/" hreflang="en"/><style type="text/css">
	@page {  }
	table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show }
	td, th { vertical-align:top; font-size:12pt;}
	h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both }
	ol, ul { margin:0; padding:0;}
	li { list-style: none; margin:0; padding:0;}
	<!-- "li span.odfLiEnd" - IE 7 issue-->
	li span. { clear: both; line-height:0; width:0; height:0; margin:0; padding:0; }
	span.footnodeNumber { padding-right:1em; }
	span.annotation_style_by_filter { font-size:95%; font-family:Arial; background-color:#fff000;  margin:0; border:0; padding:0;  }
	* { margin:0;}
	.Heading_20_2 { font-size:14pt; margin-bottom:0.0835in; margin-top:0.1665in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; font-style:italic; font-weight:bold; }
	.P1 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; }
	.P3 { font-size:12pt; margin-bottom:0in; margin-top:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; }
	.P5 { font-size:115%; font-weight:bold; margin-bottom:0.0835in; margin-top:0.1665in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:page; text-align:center ! important; }
	<!-- ODF styles with no properties representable as CSS -->
	{ }
	</style></head><body dir="ltr" style="max-width:8.5in;margin-top:0.7874in; margin-bottom:0.7874in; margin-left:0.7874in; margin-right:0.7874in; "><h1 class="P5"><a id="a__Project_Cerberus_Reflections"><span/></a>Project Cerberus Reflections</h1><h2 class="Heading_20_2"><a id="a__Learning"><span/></a>Learning</h2><p class="P3">In summary, there were many challenges and opportunities with project Cerberus. Because a wireless doorbell system is a somewhat complex system with hardware and software design to consider, it has a wealth of opportunities within it to pursue and learn from. There are opportunities to learn what hardware is available to implement features and functionality of the system. There are opportunities to learn how to use that hardware in a useful way. There are also opportunities related to developing a viable commercial product if it is successfully completed and well-researched.</p><p class="P3"> </p><p class="P3">I think the challenges that stand out are related to research and the sheer volume of technology that goes into building the system. Research with the public is already challenging enough when you have a product that is already on the market. Breaking into a market using good research is much more difficult. There is a steep learning curve on all of the technology, but nothing that cannot be overcome through devoting time and effort to it. There are also much easier ways to prototype new hardware now as compared to many years ago, and these options are always improving. While learning low-level hardware and protocols is incredibly useful when finalizing the product, for getting a prototype working and usable there are better options.</p><p class="P3"> </p><p class="P3">I found a lot of value in all of the tasks performed throughout the project. As a researcher by profession, I loved that component the most and desired to do as much of that as possible. Usually, when I created a prototype of something in the past, it was not nearly as structured or clearly reasoned about. I feel as though I have a strong foundation now with which to move forward on my future ideas, and that is exciting to me. I was not surprised or disappointed by anything, I usually try to do as much as I think is possible from the outset and perform damage control as things progress. That said, I did not complete everything I set out to accomplish. Constant consideration of priorities and sticking to the strategy are important parts of any project, and this method made that easier I think.</p><h2 class="Heading_20_2"><a id="a__Accomplishment"><span/></a>Accomplishment</h2><p class="P3">Overall, I'd say the project was a success. I followed through on all of the steps in the process, answered the design question and many research questions I set out to answer, and I enjoyed it.</p><p class="P3"> </p><p class="P3">The strong points were with regard to research and prototype development. I was able to perform many forms of research, albeit with low participation, and iterate on several prototypes. I think doing more of this would have resulted in a better project. The inherent weakness in the project was my inability to develop a working hardware-based prototype of the idea in the time available. However, the idea remains viable to me personally and I plan to follow through and flesh it out more completely. If I start another UCD project in the future, I think I will closely follow the formula set forth for this project. I may replace the paper prototyping phase with a more relatable alternative if I can find one.</p><h2 class="Heading_20_2"><a id="a__Contribution"><span/></a>Contribution</h2><p class="P1">My specific contributions were the entire project, with the exception of the data acquired from my participants. It was challenging working within the time allotted and getting participants for research on their schedule to work with me on the research components. I also had difficulty with the paper prototyping phase, which I was completely unfamiliar with at the onset of the project.</p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1">The process was beneficial in that it provides a solid and flexible framework for understanding product design from a user perspective, which ultimately lead to a more usable and satisfying prototype of my wireless doorbell system. I think experience is the only way to improve the learning process, as more experience will lead to a better feel for the process and what level of work should go into any particular UCD project.</p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1">Since there was no division of labor in this project, I will say that it would be nice to work on something of this scale with additional teammates. Working with someone, at least initially, who has strong skills in the embedded development environment would have made a hardware prototype possible, I think. Having a separate research team would have also been beneficial, so that hardware and prototype responsibilities could be realized more rapidly while the research would be performed in a more independent fashion.</p></body></html>